HI, a bit of backstory:

I'm an artist-developer dad, with a dayjob and have been making an app (and working on the followup)
That first app I put on the appstore about 1.5 years ago, and it roughly have almost 2 downloads per day.
That isn't much , but a lot more then 0 ;)

I do understand marketing is needed, but because i'm mostly a developer first I love making new things and am a bit scared of marketing. So i've just been postponing marketing and been  fiddling with new features and experimenting.

Eventually I figured just starting a youtube channel to build a community of interested people might be good start, There is one video on that youtube channel right now (the channel is 3 days old), its a sort of devlog , feature build, combined with some animaton and my own music. I was building a speech-synth and little own cute language for my game, It felt like a good subject for a first video. I'm kinda happy with the video and it has about 200 views.

My plan for the next steps is to build out another feature (lipsyncing my characters), and make a video of that process. also improve small video things i learned, At this point i have a working physics based character, that has a woking mouth and a cute langage in which it can speak and sing.

The plan i have, is to make some short videos at that point showcasing my characters saying short humoristic sententences and have things happen in their world.

anyway: my question:
Should i be making these videos already if its just about something you cannot download right now ?
I mean i have an app you can download right now, but the things i'm showing are for the next one ?

And am i sort of approaching this marketing just like another way procratinate and to fiddle and build new features (in this case videos)
At the end of the day the goals would be to drive a reasonable amount of people to my next app which i will be trying to sell for a small amount.

are there simpler thing i can do to improve traffic and grow a community, things i'm missing?
